snowflake
Do you think he can really give you money if you kill me? Not only will you not get the money by then
You're going to jail.
I just want money now
If you don't give me the money, I'll let you go.
Or I will kill you
He gave money, and now you don't even want your life for money, right? What's the point of my life without money?
Don't worry, sister.
When you die, I'll burn more paper for you
Do it now
I'll click transfer right away.
Miss Xu, don't worry.
After you die, I will have a good time with Yanjing
Even if he doesn't like me now
But love grows over time
We will be very happy in the future. You think he will like a murderous woman like you
Then I'm still so hard from throwing my mouth
Then kill him for me.
Sister, don't blame me.
Blame it on the creditors, stop it